the voluntary interruption of a
pregnancy commonly called abortion is
one of the most discussed medical practices
of all time
from an ethical and moral point of view, much
less from a practical point of view,
which is why in this video we will try
to give you some more information and
then everything  I'll explain what you need to know about
voluntary abortion in Italy.
Voluntarily terminating a pregnancy in Italy
is an enshrined right and regulated by the
famous and discussed law 194 of 1978.
According to the law,
voluntary termination of pregnancy is possible
except in cases.  particulars no later than
three months after conception,
the woman who decides to terminate the
pregnancy can do so by contacting
a clinic, a hospital or
her doctor who must
present a medical certificate
certifying the state of pregnancy and a
signed document certifying  one's
will to interrupt it in the case of
minors and then the authorization
of both parents or a
guardianship judge is necessary once the
request has been made unless one finds oneself in
urgent situations it is necessary
to wait seven days during which
the patient  through the consultants, she is
made aware of all the
alternative possibilities to terminating
a pregnancy
at the end of the seventh day. If the
woman has not changed her mind in the meantime, she
can go to a suitable facility
and obtain the termination. There are two
ways to terminate a pregnancy.  the
first is the pharmacological abortion which
must absolutely not be confused with the
morning after pill and which is
only possible within the first
49 days of conception,
furthermore, being a minimally
invasive practice, it is preferable and is in fact the
most frequent, the second is abortion
surgery which is more demanding
for the woman and which can be carried out
from the fiftieth day of pregnancy
onwards in the case of pharmacological abortion
the patient is compulsorily
hospitalized for the time necessary for the
treatment and after some checks and
analyzes she takes a mifepristone pill by mouth
ru486 which blocks the
development of the embryo and induces the
detachment of the product of conception
from the uterus
thus determining the end of the pregnancy after
a few hours a
second drug based on prostaglandins is then administered
which induce the contraction of the uterus
activating a process similar to  what
happens naturally during
menstruation, thus allowing
the expulsion of the embryo,
surgical abortion, on the other hand, is usually
carried out during the more
advanced stages of a pregnancy but can
also be practiced as an alternative to the
pharmacological one, for example in the case of
allergies  to medicines
also in this case
hospitalization is generally expected for 12 days and the
operation which lasts a few minutes is
carried out under total anesthesia
the most widespread technique is that of
external suction in which the woman's vagina and
cervix are dilated
until allowing the  the entrance of a
cannula more or less the size of
a pen which once inserted into the
uterus is connected to a vacuum pump
sucks the product of conception and
subsequently or alternatively
abroad suction is usually
practiced the so-called curettage in
practice it is  inserted into the
uterine cavity a kind of scraper
called cure act or a curved
spoon-shaped blade which is used
precisely to scrape the mucosa
covering the internal cavity of the uterus
mainly to prevent
residual fragments from remaining
inside which could then create
infections and various problems beyond the
ninetieth day from conception it is
possible to carry out an interruption of
pregnancy only and exclusively when
the pregnancy or birth involves a
serious danger for the physical or
mental health of the mother but the abortion is
risky except for rare complications if
performed  under medical supervision,
abortion is an extremely
safe practice with
generally short recovery times which does not cause damage
to the reproductive system and does not
compromise the possibility of new
pregnancies but great risks are run
when the interruption of
pregnancy is carried out illegally
by  of unqualified personnel
with DIY methods such as ingesting
herbs or taking medicines
without the supervision of a doctor
[Music]
if you liked this video,
like and share what you do, also
know in the comments
which topics would you like us to cover
in the next videos we will try to
please you all little by little to
make our videos, in fact
a lot of hours of work are necessary but
if you want to continue to help us
make our videos you can do so
through a small donation on homeland
at www.acri.it slash I'll
explain it to you video in exchange you will
always receive some reward and your
name
will be in the final thanks of the videos
of I'll explain it to you thanks to everyone and
I'll see you in the next video
[Music]